we
have entered a new era other
countries putting things into
space
even countries like India India
even in the Indiana because
when we think of India do we
think frontier space are look at
the American hubris that we
carry
coming out of the twentieth
century we have a are deep
understanding of what we think
the rest of the world is
and then what it actually is is
different such as India with a
large
in on crude vehicle into orbit
which is the first step
before you put people into work
absolutely so I went to chart I
to add to go to trial
Charley S II trial the whole
world
is now can it do and what nasa's
been doing this from competition
out there
isn't that a great and I asked
them to you did you do does it
feel a competition to you
but finally talking we teach
people we act as a
a model for how people of
different cultures different
races
different nationalities can in
fact work together there are now
five other nations at least five
who are sitting on the surface
of mars roaming around for the
first time ever because there's
only been one nation
one nation in the history of
human Ken that has
ever successfully landed a
vehicle on the surface of mars
that has functioned
and that's the United States you
know that merck however
Merck if you're putting burger
but but right now
there are other nearby I'd lost
count that thanks for reminding
me of that
many Mitt the data model going
forward the chant international
call
the without question if you look
at the in response system
if Aug international face
there's no doubt that that's my
champ that's my championship
model
that is the largest
collaboration %uh
nations outside of warfare that
there is